OSDOCS-4012: Add platform Operator and RukPak docs (#52907)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olm-rukpak-bundle.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * operators/understanding/olm-packaging-format.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="olm-rukpak-bundle_{context}"]
= Bundle

> A RukPak `Bundle` object represents content that can be made available to other consumers in the cluster. Much like the contents of a container image must be pulled and unpacked in order for pod to start using them, `Bundle` objects are used to reference content that might need to be pulled and should be unpacked. In this sense, a bundle is a generalization of the image concept and can be used to represent any type of content.

Reviewer: Suggestions as long as they don't change the meaning

```suggestion
A RukPak `Bundle` object represents content to make available to other consumers in the cluster. Much like the contents of a container image must be pulled and unpacked in order for pod to start using them, `Bundle` objects are used to reference content that might need to be pulled and unpacked. In this sense, a bundle is a generalization of the image concept and can be used to represent any type of content.
```

Author: There was a slight technical difference meaning between the "pulled" and then "unpacked", but I think it's fine to smooth out / not worth making the distinction.

> Bundles cannot do anything on their own; they require a provisioner to unpack and make their content available in the cluster. They can be unpacked to any arbitrary storage medium, such as a `tar.gz` file in a directory mounted into the provisioner pods. Each `Bundle` object has an associated `spec.provisionerClassName` field that indicates the `Provisioner` object that should be watching and unpacking that particular bundle type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bundles cannot do anything on their own; they require a provisioner to unpack and make their content available in the cluster. They can be unpacked to any arbitrary storage medium, such as a `tar.gz` file in a directory mounted into the provisioner pods. Each `Bundle` object has an associated `spec.provisionerClassName` field that indicates the `Provisioner` object that watches and unpacks that particular bundle type.
```
